program: Add deprecated note (#154)
solana-program/token: program/README.md

> ⚠️ DEPRECATED
> 
> This crate has been deprecated and is no longer actively maintained.

> > Please use to [spl-token-interface](https://crates.io/crates/spl-token-interface) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please use [spl-token-interface](https://crates.io/crates/spl-token-interface) for state and instruction types, and p-token for the program implementation.
```
